feat: trustless-only mode (RAINBOW_TRUSTLESS_GATEWAY_DOMAINS) (#81)
ipfs/rainbow: docs/environment-variables.md

domains for website hosting with Origin-isolation per content root.

Example: passing `dweb.link` will enable handler for Origin-isolated
[subdomain gateway](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/subdomain-gateway/)
requests with the `Host` header with subdomain values matching
`*.ipfs.dweb.link` or  `*.ipns.dweb.link`.

Default: `localhost`

### `RAINBOW_TRUSTLESS_GATEWAY_DOMAINS`

Specifies trustless-only hostnames.

Comma-separated list of [trustless gateway](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/trustless-gateway/)
domains, where unverified website asset hosting and deserialized responses is
disabled, and **response types requested via `?format=` and `Accept` HTTP header are limited to
[verifiable content types](https://docs.ipfs.tech/reference/http/gateway/#trustless-verifiable-retrieval)**:
- [`application/vnd.ipld.raw`](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/application/vnd.ipld.raw)
- [`application/vnd.ipld.car`](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/application/vnd.ipld.car)
- [`application/vnd.ipfs.ipns-record`](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/application/vnd.ipfs.ipns-record)

> **NOTE:** This setting is applied on top of everything else, to ensure

Reviewer: Does this mean that if you pass the same domain to `RAINBOW_GATEWAY_DOMAINS` and `RAINBOW_TRUSTLESS_GATEWAY_DOMAINS`, it will **only be trustless**?

> trustless domain can't be used for phishing or direct hotlinking and hosting of third-party content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trustless domains can't be used for phishing or direct hotlinking and hosting of third-party content. Hostnames that are passed to both `RAINBOW_GATEWAY_DOMAINS` and `RAINBOW_TRUSTLESS_GATEWAY_DOMAINS` will work only as trustless gateways. 
```
